Store Wi-Fi firmware patch in external flash on nRF7002 DK (#20528)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Updated by enabling Link Time Optimization (LTO) by default for the ``release`` configuration.
* Removed support for the nRF54H20 devices.
* Enabled Link Time Optimization (LTO) by default for the ``release`` configuration.

> * Enabled the default storage of the Wi-Fi firmware patch in external flash.

Reviewer: Suggesting to reorganize the items like this:

* Updated:

  * By enabling Link Time Optimization...
  * By enabling the default storage...

* Removed support for the nRF54H20 devices.

--------------

* Added :ref:`matter_manufacturer_specific_sample` sample that demonstrates an implementation of custom manufacturer-specific clusters used by the application layer.

> * Updated all Matter samples that run Wi-Fi stack to store the Wi-Fi firmware patch in external flash.
>   The change affects the following samples on nRF7002 DK:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated all Matter samples that run Wi-Fi stack to store the Wi-Fi firmware patch in external flash.
  The change affects the following samples on the nRF7002 DK:
```

>     * All Matter samples that runs Wi-Fi stack to store the Wi-Fi firmware patch in external flash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Updated all Matter samples that run Wi-Fi stack to store the Wi-Fi firmware patch in external flash.
```
This entry is still in a wrong place (under Matter template sample). I think it needs to be after the Added the Matter manufacturer-specific sample bullet, starting like I suggest above..

Author: ahhh, ok right

  * Removed support for nRF54H20 devices.
  * Updated the API of ``AppTask``, ``BoltLockManager``, and ``AccessManager`` to provide additional information for the ``LockOperation`` event.

> * Updated all Matter samples that runs Wi-Fi stack to store the Wi-Fi firmware patch in external flash.

Reviewer: Suggesting that you place this entry under the first Added bullet.

Author: ok, moved to the `Updated` bullet.
